Add spring-mass system tutorial (#1227)
SciML/ModelingToolkit.jl: docs/src/tutorials/spring_mass.md

@variables t
D = Differential(t)

function Mass(; name, m = 1.0, xy = [0., 0.], u = [0., 0.])
    ps = @parameters m=m
    sts = @variables pos[1:2](t)=xy v[1:2](t)=u
    eqs = collect(D.(pos) .~ v)
    ODESystem(eqs, t, [pos..., v...], ps; name)
end

function Spring(; name, k = 1e4, l = 1.)
    ps = @parameters k=k l=l
    @variables x(t), dir[1:2](t)
    ODESystem(Equation[], t, [x, dir...], ps; name)
end

function connect_spring(spring, a, b)
    [
        spring.x ~ norm(collect(a .- b))
        collect(spring.dir .~ collect(a .- b))
    ]
end

spring_force(spring) = -spring.k .* collect(spring.dir) .* (spring.x - spring.l)  ./ spring.x

m = 1.0
xy = [1., -1.]
k = 1e4
l = 1.
center = [0., 0.]
g = [0., -9.81]
@named mass = Mass(m=m, xy=xy)
@named spring = Spring(k=k, l=l)

eqs = [
    connect_spring(spring, mass.pos, center)
    collect(D.(mass.v) .~ spring_force(spring) / mass.m .+ g)
]

@named _model = ODESystem(eqs, t)
@named model = compose(_model, mass, spring)
sys = structural_simplify(model)

prob = ODEProblem(sys, [], (0., 3.))
sol = solve(prob, Rosenbrock23())
plot(sol)
```

## Explanation
### Building the components

> For each component we use a Julia function that returns an `ODESystem`. At the top, we define the fundamental properties of a `Mass`: it has a mass `m`, a position `pos` and a velocity `vel`. We also define that the velocity is the rate of change of position with respect to time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each component we use a Julia function that returns an `ODESystem`. At the top, we define the fundamental properties of a `Mass`: it has a mass `m`, a position `pos` and a velocity `v`. We also define that the velocity is the rate of change of position with respect to time.
```

```julia
function Mass(; name, m = 1.0, xy = [0., 0.], u = [0., 0.])
    ps = @parameters m=m
    sts = @variables pos[1:2](t)=xy v[1:2](t)=u
    eqs = collect(D.(pos) .~ v)
    ODESystem(eqs, t, [pos..., v...], ps; name)
end
```

> Note that this is an incompletely specified `ODESystem`. It cannot be simulated on its own since the equations for `pos[1:2](t)` are unknown. Notice the addition of a `name` keyword. This allows us to generate different masses with different names. A `Mass` can now be constructed as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this is an incompletely specified `ODESystem`. It cannot be simulated on its own since the equations for the velocity `v(t)` are unknown. Notice the addition of a `name` keyword. This allows us to generate different masses with different names. A `Mass` can now be constructed as:
```

```julia
Mass(name = :mass1)
```

Or using the `@named` helper macro

```julia
@named mass1 = Mass()
```

Next we build the spring component. It is characterised by the spring constant `k` and the length `l` of the spring when no force is applied to it. The state of a spring is defined by its current length and direction.

```julia
function Spring(; name, k = 1e4, l = 1.)
    ps = @parameters k=k l=l
    @variables x(t), dir[1:2](t)
    ODESystem(Equation[], t, [x, dir...], ps; name)
end
```

> We now define functions that help construct the equations for a mass-spring system. First, the `connect_spring` function connects a `spring` between two positions `a` and `b`. Note that `a` and `b` can be the `pos` of a `Mass`, or just a fixed position such as `[0., 0.]`.

Reviewer: In that sense, the length of the spring would be given by ... while ...

The next equations just need a bit more explanation in case someone doesn't catch it's just length and direction. Just a quick reinforcement.
